All right.
So now that we saw a demo of how we can create our own custom toolings that we wrote and also how we
can access them from the cloud desktop, which is amazing.
So it's already an working success that we have seen, and this is quite awesome.
The next thing which I wanted to write as a tool, uh, is basically that was something which I was
doing it while I was also building it with the playwright MCP server is how we can, uh, actually,
uh, perform a JavaScript execution while the MCP server struggles to find some things because the tool
that we have given is very, very lesser, and it may not be enough for doing all the operation and
see that we have given to perform a login data entry.
Uh, but it couldn't able to do that because, uh, it says that, uh, however, I noticed that you
mentioned, uh, wanting to enter the username and password, but it didn't provide the specific credentials
you would like to use, blah, blah, blah, and it couldn't able to fill up the details as well.
Of course, even if you give it to the, uh, the tool, uh, with the username and password, it is
not going to fill it up for you because there is no relevant tool to do that.
So we are going to see how we can avoid all these problems over here.
So if you are me, what I will do is I'll first start off with the very, very low hanging fruit, which
is the fill operation.
Right.
So I'm going to say fill which is going to basically do a filling of the uh, data, uh, over there.
Uh, and it's going to have a value, obviously, uh, which is going to be a string, I'm going to
say fill and input field, uh, with a text, uh, on the page.
Right.
Uh, there we go.
That's what it's going to do.
So I'm going to say fill, um, which is going to take the selector, and then it's going to also take
the value.
So that's something that I need to pass.
And I'm going to say a filled the element uh, with.
And then I'm going to say the value, which is going to be this particular value that we're talking
about.
And then error of, uh, the element.
I think this is fine.
Right.
This is the fill operation that I'm going to do.
So that's what I was talking about, right.
So once you write one tool, the rest of the tools are so easy because it's just going to follow the
same pattern over and over again.
And things are going to be very, very straightforward.
So that's going to be the fill operation which I'm going to do.
Uh, and then I'm also going to uh, do a uh, evaluate JS for that matter.
So I'm going to say evaluate, uh, JS just basically the JavaScript uh, evaluation, which I'm going
to be doing.
So you don't require a value over here.
So I'm gonna just get rid of, uh, that, uh, over here.
And I'm going to say, uh, execute a JavaScript on the current page, something like that.
Right.
Something like this.
And I'm going to say evaluate, uh, over here.
And this is not script to be select.
This is going to be script.
So I'm going to just pass this script over here, in the evaluate I'm going to say JavaScript result,
JavaScript result, which is going to be the result which is been, uh, coming out from the execution,
something like that.
Right.
So I'm going to pass this result over here.
That's all.
And I'm going to say error executing of course JavaScript.
And then I'm going to pass the script that we have got.
Uh, or maybe you can just pass the exception.
Right.
So that's something that I'm going to do over here.
So this is the other tool that I want.
So the fill tool and the execute JavaScript tool.
And once we have all of these in place I need to add a couple more tools before I wind up this particular
session with all the playwright implementation.
I'll talk to you how we can do a few more implementations, like getting a page title or closing the
browsers and things.
In our next lecture, which is going to give you even more context, like how you can improve these
tools even further.